Conquest:
    1. Players can recruit and deploy troops to their nation/faction
    2. Probability based system based on a 6 sided dice that determines the outcome of combat.
    3. Create a world map divided into territories based upon the number of players
    4. Units travel in groups joined with other types of units
    5. Multiple types of units with different attributes exist.
    6. Implement a unit movement and position system.
    7. Implement an mineral/resource system that allows for an economy to be developed
    8. A combination of types of minerals/resources allow for a territory to be upgraded.
    9. A combination of types of minerals/resources allow for a unit to be upgraded.
    10. Implement a difficulty multiplier setting
    11. Create achievements for completion of specific objectives.
    12. Allow for players to create custom maps
    13. Create a research tree for players to spend resources to unlock new unit/territory upgrades.
    14. Implement a point based victory system.
    15. Points are gained based on what percentage of the total territories are owned/controlled
    16. Multiple players are able play and take turns playing on one client
    17. Implement statistics tracking for unit combat.
    18. Allow for alliances/open-borders to be formed with other players
    19. Allow for AI/Bot matches to be held locally
    20. Each type of unit has a unique sound effect upon destruction.
Class Driver
    1. Side-scrolling driving game
    2. Time countdown mechanic
    3. Scoring system based on remaining time once you reach campus.
    4. Bucky is the main character
    5. Bucky is inside of a convertible car
    6. The player navigates obstacles/terrain using arrow keys
    7. Create a road with obstacles (traffic cones, cars, and lanes being closed)
    8. Scrolling cityscape in the background
    9. Collission detection
    10. Negate time for each obstacle hit.
    11. End the game when time reaches zero
    12. End the game with 2 or more obstacles have been hit.
    13. Make timer visible in the top left.
    14. Track the last 10 scores of the player.
    15. Increasing difficulty of how fast the player responds to obstacles as the game goes on.
    16. create a goal to beat the game (reach campus)
    17. Add coins for collection.
    18. The more coins you have, the faster you go.
    19. Add a pause button.
    20. Create a menu for beginning and ending the game.
Ball Wall Hit
    1. Single player mode
    2. Design a rectangular play area with walls on the left and right side of the screen. They will be the long sides of the rectangle.
    3. 2 disconnected walls that are 1/10 of the size of the distance between the solid walls on the left and right side of the screen.
    4. The disconnected walls are controlled by AI or players.
    5. The player controls wall using arrow keys (left, right).
    6. Ball moves between the two walls 
    7. Ball has angle based physics bouncing from the walls
    8. Ball speed is based on how fast the player/ai wall is moving on contact.
    9. create a velocity system
    10. track player score
    11. player scores based on if the ball goes behind the opposing AI’s wall. 
    12. AI opponent development
    13. AI difficulty is scalable/controllable.
    14. Add wall hit sound effects
    15. Create a score based system that counts upwards from 0
    16. The higher the time that you survive against the AI/Bot the better score you have.
    17. Track highest scores
    18. Add powerups that the ball can hit 
    19. Create a menu with start, settings, exit, and leaderboard.
    20. Add a failure screen for when the ball gets behind the players wall that allows the player to replay or exit.
